Modify rule S6390: Change text to the progressive education format (APPSEC-427) (#1527)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6390/java/how-to-fix-it/java-se.adoc

=== How to fix it in Java SE

include::../../common/fix/code-rationale.adoc[]

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,java,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
protected void doGet(HttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp) throws IOException {
        Long time = Long.parseLong(req.getParameter("time"));
        try {
            Thread.sleep(time); // Noncompliant
        } catch (InterruptedException e) {
            resp.sendError(500);
        }
    }
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,java,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
protected void compliant(HttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp) throws IOException {
        Long time = Long.parseLong(req.getParameter("time"));
        try {
            Thread.sleep(Math.min(time, 1000));
        } catch (InterruptedException e) {
            resp.sendError(500);
        }
    }
----

=== How does this work?

In most cases, it is discouraged to define a thread suspension time from
user-input.

> If really necessary, the application should ensure that the provided suspension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, the application should ensure that the provided suspension
```

Author: I would prefer living the really here, even if grammarly does not agree. I really want to emphasize that you should **REALLY** consider not doing.

> time is below a safe limit. This one should be evaluated and set to the lowest
> possible time to ensure the application's operation and limit denial of service
> attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time is below a safe limit. Such a limit should be evaluated and set to the lowest
possible time that ensures the application's operation and restricts denial of service
attacks.
```
